2.1.3.3
The rpc code is split into two distinct areas, client and server.  Each of 
these is loaded on a different computer.  The client side is the computer 
that is running EPICS, while the server side is the one that controls
the datacube.  When an rpc routine is run on the client side, the corresponding
routine is run on the server side.  

Before an rpc task can be run, rpcTaskInit must be run.  This is a vxWorks 
function that sets up some data areas that the rpc routines need.  The next
step is to find the server that is to be connected to.  A function called 
dqRpcGetClient is used to handle this.  Once these two setup routines are run,
we can run the rpc with the clnt_call function.  This initiates the rpc and
waits for it to finish.

There are two main functions that are handled in rpc, observe, and 
abort.  The setup routine tells the datacube the size of the data coming in, 
and the type of code that is being run in the transputers.  This allows the
 datacube to set up the surfaces and processing rectangles and runs the 
propper routine when an observe is received.  The only function of the 
observe routine is to start taking data.  




2.2.6
The server rpc must be registered on the computer it is running on before it can
be invoked by another computer.  First we must create the rpc transport, 
register it with the operating system, and then run.  Registering the rpc tells
the operating system the program number, the version number, the name of
the routine to run and the transfer protocol. 

There are three main functions that are handled in rpc, setup, observe, and 
abort.  When setup is done, all parameters are checked in gnGetGNAACParams.  If
any have changed since the previous setup, or it hasn't been setup yet, the
setup is run, otherwise, it returns.  What the setup does is dependent on which
microcode is being run.  TEST, SEP and STARE are the three possibilities in the
system at this time.  Each has its own task that is initiated by giving up the
apropriate semaphore.  When the task is done it releases the semSetup semaphore
telling the rpc routine that it is done.